[docs] Update rhai docs to include Router service (#4325)
apollographql/router: docs/source/customizations/rhai.mdx

As execution proceeds "left to right" from the `RouterService` to individual `SubgraphService`s, each service passes the client's original request along to the _next_ service. Similarly, as execution continues "right to left" from `SubgraphService`s to the `RouterService`, each service passes the generated response for the client.

> Your Rhai scripts can hook into any combination of the above services (if you are using v1.30.0+). They can modify the request, response, and/or related metadata as they're passed along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Rhai scripts can hook into any combination of the above services (if you are using the Apollo Router v1.30.0 and later). The scripts can modify the request, response, and/or related metadata as they're passed along.
```
